[Music]
what a surprise how it is there how it is there
Alexa how are you
great I've been reading about
triathlon a very complete sport it
mixes swimming cycling and running and the
competitors must swim 15 kilometers
do 40 kilometers on a bike and 2 km
running endurance you have to have
ok real to listen to me Alex to Alex to
whom nine give milk
a pretty king and he is a singer of u2 see
with 4 million subscribers and it was
graphic since the creation of the channel on
February 16, 2016 it has received a
total of 233 million 867 thousand 641 views
in 63 videos
63 porn videos it is wrong no my brother is not
bad at all let's see gentlemen today I'm going to start
quickly because I'm going to watch the debate today
today I'm not going to work much it's really I
'm very tired I'm very tired
I am look today what I have done today I
had to go to the doctor for something
okay but I think to the doctor but if we already
have and let it be in the morning I
couldn't do much news of interest
to the ceo but tomorrow I will catch up
done  one I've only made two great
videos on the main channel okay I
hope you're all supporting us
I participated in the 24 now about a
whole white guy I do
n't know if you've seen me have you seen me
on the channel of a whole white guy what's
up well if you haven't seen it well
you'll see it when I upload it okay
what he made me do today is take the kid to the
park I've done a lot of things in fact I'm
going to his appointment it's today at two appointment I'm
tired and I don't feel like
working much okay lore is
waiting for me so we can watch a movie so
well let her do her
job and I see it as it seems to mark
my south-south sorry I love you south we've
talked for many days south how is
my south when a debate with the south well
when he wants we debate and then
a video as always I don't have to
announce it it's a very nice thing but
I'm waiting to see if more people come
to announce it how many people are there 700
only well but let's wait a
little more I say it
or not I said it I'm not saying it anymore
people will see it  rate your hand, that
is to say the announcements, I have already announced it
today in a video but of the lordship but
key for lordship and for the kids
a very nice little thing that is going very well, I am
going to announce it now
and wow if it is not something else Alexa
what is the other thing that I was going to tell
these people
sorry I do not have the answer I am going
to open a dog channel of
jokes and jokes dog channel no never
ever in life
Paula is not going to come back no matter how much cushion no matter
how much you insist Paula is not going to see
again I am going to see one thing I am going to
see how many members we are I am going to
see how many members we are okay we are
2,454 exactly Paulet does not deserve to
come back at all okay let's see Tito let's
see Tito or well a one harasses himself when
hearing saying already and whoever does not see it now will
see when this is summarized okay
anyway when he says goodbye to me when
announcing again I have
gotten more called you know today and he
offered me something for you
very pretty very very
pretty do you remember iun when I
already gave them direct here  well
the agreement
is the following
with you guys okay
I'm going to do a special live show once a
week during the entire month of
August on
Saturday afternoons on you know
if I remember
or leave the description online okay
this is for the kids and for the
ladies and gentlemen for those who don't remember you
know
you Manuel for joining us so that he can
wait for us there's water this
platform is leaving the
description online it's a live platform
where it's live every day
before okay then we're going to do a
special live show on Saturdays of this month
at 7 in the afternoon six thirty seven
in the afternoon I'll be with you two or
three banks we'll see what
the live shows are going to be about talking to
you and I'm going to limit myself to talking to
you send me audio on instará and
I'm listening to them here and
answering to talk answer the chat
also obviously not
in a light sedan car instead of super
chat on you know what sans online like
buy some bars ideas like some little
dolls that appear here well you'll
see on Saturday he's going to appear
sometimes in
this
one  that my account from one
first to a live this who are you
are some gifts that appear on the
screen is worth the roulette those things
yes worth
when the month ends in the last
live when
[Music]
when I have finished the last
live between the three that remain in the
ranking
of the top donors is worth what have
given bad like we are going to raffle an iPhone
64 GB of the color that you want
as simple as we raffle it well we
already talked about it we can do the typical
three pieces of paper and the paper that touches or we
will see
or the typical this the page that is for
the raffle whatever okay what do
you think
what do you think give away or not
give away or not I make it
easy I will not be on Saturdays okay
I think on Saturdays around six
thirty seven in the afternoon or things like that we will
do it okay Saturday afternoon quote
[Music] I
am here listening to your audios and
nothing and we are here chatting and we
raffle an iPhone
at the end of the month okay I am banned from
one because totally until
okay to see how it works if it works
well we will do more things well to  more
trouble I'm
going to watch this clip first that they uploaded
on twitter
it's for everyone to pile up for everyone
kids and gentleman hurt okay
[Music]
the audio is not heard
I am the worst youtuber in the universe and he's going to
say well don't worry this
is not good don't worry that he already
announced the live on Saturday in you know
on my networks no
and I don't have networks I am I
am but I had the worst youtuber yes it's
me we're going to come back I have to tell you
something okay and it is that
hey I had a meeting with Dallas and I had
a debate with da the review okay and
surely looting a video is released in
well where the most common debate
because I had nothing that Baron el
Aragua he like like pulling a little bit of
well because of what had happened in a
better one well like the controversial issues that I have
had like all that like
emphasizing and like well a debate you know
but I had nothing to debate he I do
n't know if I explain myself then it was
good I liked it because in the end there is
a good moral but I don't know but I have
put  in you mental [ __ ] I've gotten
sentimental and I don't know if I'm about to tell him
not to upload the video it doesn't hurt I don't
know but no it's not like more controversy or
anything it's not like telling the German I quote
that not his bowler hat the jindal has uploaded your
conversation I know and that's what
we debated in the video too at the end
everything you
criticize is mine because I upload now
imagine I speak badly of I know about
cockroaches okay well people well
nothing happens if you talk about it they criticize me
or call me stupid for them I don't care
but when I talk to you
personally on your whatsapp and I
tell you that I hate cockroaches you don't
have to upload that I hate
cockroaches because he doesn't give you permission for
other people to see it he only gives you permission
so when I send you
private audios to you it's unfair and it looks very ugly
that you publish it and other people see it
but you and I that's the only thing I criticized
Dallas for and it seemed very dirty to me, I have
n't seen the videos of that  what dallas has done
on this strong subject because I'm
throwing myself now that between
content creators it is not usually done that is
playing very like florentino
thanks isabel thank you very much but they
just leaked some audios that
villa was saying and they recorded her
place and that is ugly that although although
the things that she said and so on is ugly
hot serious or someone publishes something
without your consent you know and it's just that it's
just that it was an issue then we talk
about many topics but I prefer to leave it
for the video let's see it
but I am not what everyone says I am
I am a piece of [ __ ] of a person the only thing I
want you to understand and that alone is
making me feel this way I don't like
someone making me feel like that and I have only
done bad things during all these
years after many videos and many
insults we are gathered here to
talk we are on a call right now and
today nine we are going to give all the topics that have
happened recently in all
the latest controversies and conditions that
he has put on me because he wants the
same thing that happened to him the
last time to happen to him again look at the video so
before publishing it I will have it for you
early risers learn know
the defendant me to him to review it
and well as if a person of his word
of course I accepted it
basically if he doesn't want to
answer something in the end he told me not to
upload the entire video because his
family and friends didn't want to but that
wasn't part of the agreement while the
video was already edited so I told him to
tell me what parts he wanted to
cut again I removed some
myself in reference to things of trials
well I have already said simply since I don't
want to answer points but that there weren't
any there is so much that I have to
cut later what is expected because if
not what a way to learn
this here began because he put you
like I don't know how to say it to threaten me
something like that so you felt alone I didn't
feel that she is threatened if you
felt threatened I'm sorry but there is
simply one of your videos that
had an audio and I had sent it to the
disk being that audio I sent it to you
and that audio is played by this tube to
other people without my permission what the
audio said the method is I don't need permission
to do that because the command that
demands I come out I am part of the
conversation but  frei or part of the
conversation would be the problem but
legally to the senate if you are part of the
combination you do not have to ask for
permission but of course it is not a
legal issue we are talking about a moral issue
trust it depends on the content or rather if it
is or rather if on one occasion you have to
bring up a conversation
because a person has said something about you
imagine
a person says that you have told him
x and that he has never told you
and you to prove it so as not to look bad you
have to bring it up well I do
n't know what the audio is about it is
something that I did not hear it is a
conversation it was an audio of nahir
saying that he was afraid that darlas would
make a video of him search on the internet and
see how like that searching also like that it does not
work when you give up the
conversation then it says what he gives you it
depends on what he says even if it is part
of the conversation it depends on the content
of the conversation also this is
something that a lot of people say about asier it is
part of the operation the public it depends on the
content if you are simply
being dallas do not make a video for me something that does not matter
but if for example he
tells you something about his intimate life a secret
something that could affect him in the
intimacy and you can't publish it even if you
participate in the conversation, you
understand, in addition to the audio that I am
designing, maybe you can tell it
in your words, yes, for example,
transcribe what
is there because he is telling you
any nonsense but if I take him to
tell something else that I consider intimate, which is that
intimate things I did not put
Paris but what intimate things
cannot be put you consider intimate
is not the same as what I consider listen
shine I considered intimate an option outside
of my character that is intimate for my
title has published without permission if I
published it without your permission of course
but I respected at all times the
legality and privacy I did not show the
important things of other topics I
appreciate that three but important I
repeat that it is the importance that
you give it but if the important thing for me the other thing
is that it is not known that I live outside of my
character or if I do not want that for me it
is from the codes that they have never
done to me method that yes I can
publish it several I know the first the
second what you told me after
believe that I loved you that you are very
far away but that you are very  close that you
knew that my family was in Tenerife
that's why you told me
what does that mean
Pilar thank you so much sweetheart but you
could have commented something too since you
send me the super chat a huge kiss
efe
greetings javi thanks always for bringing
good content and that the salsa singer is
never lacking grace Fidel nothing the truth is
how do you want to take it if you skip
codes I can also skip codes
you and your imagination and however you want to
think about it
for a very ugly insinuation no I have
also complied with some illegality
now with what I have told you with the
phrase that I have made you no but that it is an
ugly gesture as well and exactly what you have
done or rather yes you were
threatening me but no no really no so that is
what I was thinking of doing when
the complaint to me that it is a threat I am not
going to report you forget about it out loud
either for spreading an audio primado a
thousand days we have made ourselves how to be able to
always you can another thing is that they always hurt let's
see that you are clear about one thing
the issue of the complaint of suing you
can always and report then report
whatever else is estimated
all these ugly ones are already there, I will leave it the
prisoner what I intended is to say that you
are very close in what sense that I am going to
come hit me something like that no that I was
close we could go have a
coffee and talk like two
civilized men and the weak family of your
family nothing because your sister follows me
in uncle and well she followed me against everything and I
know her well simply because of that yes already
simply despite the fact that you are not someone
distant that I know you that you are from my
country it
is that I am simply already
from my country basically it is being a
threat without saying what he was doing to me
because I do not consider that he has
threatened just as you do not consider that you have
invaded my privacy I do not love them do not
consider that I did not do it like that it is
simple that I am not part of the
conversation yes it would be an invasion
of privacy I was not part of what you
say and that they continue invasion of
privacy I everything that you are
attending was doing in reference
to me and you are saying me to me and it is that I am
afraid that you will make a video of me yes
but I tell you that my person there is no
one tells you there is a network if the
worker
the worker of work it is not right to
make fun of the work of the influencer
okay well we all make a fool of ourselves a
little some more and some less that we are going
to record as we are doing it
precisely now if it does not work the
survey the interpretation that you
want
the law is not either the threats work
as you are saying legally they are
going to do it very far and I received a
very nice response
and then like we started talking I
think that he made a saying something like that and if
you notice I did not let the conversation of
a saying that is
this is a sudoku or something what the [ __ ] brains
giúdici jonze closed I did not want to be
totally it has not been received if I was
polite polite if I said that I am very
close and that I know that your family lives in
Palma de Mallorca I suppose I am not very
sure then there it seemed perfect to you
very polite which is why I told you they
as I told you I would tell you well 20 and
we had a barbecue that my parents are
tremendously advanced of course but
everyone and of course I was born yesterday
also for this is the subject with which it
began okay  because he put a
comment on my video totally
comments that said like let's
see if I had the balls to talk
to you Carlos and then he said if
the videos exist because I was burned because you
rejected me I think it's an
interview people I think it's because
at most you were seen in the video so well I have
n't seen the videos of the
Dallas out of three that I haven't seen them even
in private that's why I can't comment on
that okay I told you we're going to give away the
gala what hurt him so much because I
see that Priscila Xavi says but recording
a 15 second video making a
weird face that's not a job
well listen to me yes yes doing that earns
money yes it is a job
and if not it says this money because this
is not a job getting out and I thought that it was
because of that that really has some
interest because in the end something that you did
say is that my work is not worth a
penny that I dedicate myself to moving my lips
but you work much better and you have
dedicated yourself to profiting and always to criticism
don't worry that first
previous answer is that if you definitely
have all  the reason in the world I was left
solid and I really wanted to do an
interview with you that's why it says the
videos don't stop with what you've said
tremendous xallas addiction that you
[ __ ] inside girls without a condom and
then you say that it is sectorized that
has nothing to do only because I was
very hurt and it says what you've done
more videos apart from because it went
well for you and then you made a video saying
that I liked girls in
pajamas and that I don't know what like insinuating
but not only your daughter but like you
before the title of the threat or before has
said that like that is a threat and there
really will be a minor and you now it has
worked paper the cinema really to
sail because listen to me a woman of 30
can look tender and can see
well there
checking what the axes served us what they are
talking about when you realize
that she has taken everything out of context because on the
way I look for pajamas it doesn't mean
that I like little girls the
same thing he said in the video all perverted
me and you could do that because you said that
but of pervert but perverted it
means  that you like the
little girl no I'm or Virginia is little
I was referring to everyone I said
del Estero but when I recorded that
video I was 18 years old apart we wanted to
be and a teenage girl was of
haro age but today what would remain was that they
were
little girls like those who follow me of
my followers some of cut are
78 years old and a mother sees that I think
that was no longer because of what I said or because of
the controversy it was because it had gone well it's that it does
n't make me look for that after
technology that shine rents you to speak
ill of the boy who doesn't do [ __ ] and does
n't work but you profit from youtube you
are making many videos because you know
that it works for you then no none in
my work if not if part of your work
or I'm doing you a favor at your
work it
's just the fact that it's fun to
make videos about you that I could
do anything literally does not
mean that at the same time he doesn't say
that what you're doing well he does
n't really say no and if not that's that in a
video on ain he said that he liked
girls who dressed in
pajamas  of disney girls and that she
likes school skirts she has great
vision the fact that I criticize your
videos what you dedicate days is not that you
do very good work because it gives me time to
make videos. No, no, really, I would
never have made videos about your
videos moving your lips in tick tock it
simply does not contribute anything and it is a
fact it is not that I contribute to those videos to
contribute there are people
from him or rather that in fact I had
spoken about naim on some occasions
when they arrested him
and when the abortion may be
not what the same video has I think I
only spoke about him when they
arrested him and I threw myself at the abortion she a
great one once said I never criticized
out when ordering because she does not know if that
person is still alive thanks to her
then you do not know if someone is alive
reality if I say thank you because there is
a person just one person who has not committed
suicide because I have brought
a smile to their face only one is worth it it is
like that do not laugh to see your lips
there are people who feel a lot
my god are there the person not the
passive worker you know you have bread
is taking a quote from ariana grande
as if it were  Paulo Coelho also and they
know that there are when in the reasons for
their life and security and there they know it is
I have entire videos talking about
mental problems they talk about
relationship problems I have entire feet of 40
minutes or more talking about these
problems and you are telling me that for you
city mentally people for
moving their lips in current
wind text really follows me Dallas as
to have seen everything he answered I do not
follow you well then there are many things
that you have not seen also of my process
for the mental health of people
please enlighten for example I
love to raise the self-esteem of people so
that they feel loved and that we see each other
the high defense tell people the
air the talent inside them mental
behind everyone in great
inside they say it everyone has
talent do not feel mediocre you are a
great you always want it you say phrases like that
in your stoxx no no I only say phrases I have
also gone to give food
and I myself organize a
food get-together that I really like
dogs sometimes I post dogs that are
the option and then they actually
show me the photo of how that  it's the dog
received his family and within all the
[ __ ] that leads to the end in lives I have
also done things well you know and
nobody can take that away from me wait because
handsome is no more no less this kid if he
had the face of a gremlin he would not be
viral and you will have already done well but
come on all this comes from him it must be
said with the cover of the tic toc but
for moving his lips
many people spend watching titos all the
time then the moment that you do not
understand it either because I do not and he
is never when you are we are missing that it is
normal that he asked him not normal
that he asked him
not to publish the video will he have seen the
video with this edition well what a shitty live I
am doing
today
and this is saying today on the computer
what has changed is ordered mixing
more problems thanks consumer style
I have been a creator of I do not understand that
but well there are girls with boys also
that prive for example the group in which
I was that was formed there it has been their
day it has been like their way of life
literally and right now if you had
in front of you a desire for vitti it is
maybe it is another or totally another
thing  I would have things in common with an
older fan and whoever has the roll needs
mercal aso of the cherry rachel would do I
wanted the moment because it is that you
have nothing to do with go these
booties nothing to do with me they are cash
totally different no yes yes we have to
see that we have sides and we have
fans
you are also viral for being handsome don't be a
hypocrite javi xd
for another fifth and we have people who
follow us we have to see that then you
are the reason for living even if it is
just one person that there is someone who
lives in is the reason for living there is someone
here from the chat that I am their reason for
living please can you advertise less
thanks to you and your videos and your things and
face it because you are their life that is like that
but again I tell you the type
of content that I make with respect to the
type of with you what do you do for
people and it is very decisive dallas for
example I did not know those things about
mental health that you had told me I also did not
know why because I know how bad
the thing is that you have with win michu the
subject of my I will do the thing about what you know
things about apps  Ronald thank you so much
I am your reason for living what a
surprise you gave me I'm glad guys
Valero I
will stay alive I will stay alive to
motivate our lives for your reason for
living ac the members of [ __ ] that I am
seeing a lot of people who are saying that
that is their reason for living in the
Taurus members if you have there is a pact
with him you know like that it's not that I
know that now you do not criticize him because he
[Music]
how do I explain it to you no I do not
want to move into
personal grounds but do not tell me tell me tell me everything I
think that this is better not to come out for me
someone I trust told me that you did not
criticize Sauron and he had to sink him
because all his jokes for example are
from a guy who is a dubber and the sobao
or rather literally of course when he hears what about I
think that you have a lot to
criticize out to sink him I believe that he was
referring to personal things the best of
intimate life does not walk come many
times and being things like that no but when he
said about the jokes I mean do you
really think that you can sink
Sauron because trip  his jokes are fake
ha ha ha ha illuminator a dubber the
guy the whole area a dubber all the
forms of burón play between a guy that I
know that does dubbing is the
same and everything is billion izadi ximo that's why he
stopped making jokes don't make you
laugh and it doesn't matter yes that the jokes on
face that I already knew that and days but if
everyone thinks this I think they don't
know how important it is that you laugh that it
is scripted well okay the
comedy movies I also criticize you because I have
a pact in which they had told me that
but that I have taken it out like that and I think that
is personal and it is better that it is not there do
not worry too much you are a person who really
likes to come up with a million
phrases that in your head sound very
nice but then real effects do not
make much sense if there is a
bomb that has dropped for sure that the
cutting period this video because
like for example what you said about the
influencers association I think that your
head area is super good but I will do it look
I am going to explain it to you that really
was but I am not going to explain it but about
that  It really had nothing to do with the
topic but the only way to
divert the topic,
I'll be honest, I didn't know what to
do anymore, not like the first advice I
received from someone with I did it and they
told me today we see well divert the topic
because right now everything is like
sewing what I said and another thing is that it is
a good then you have to understand
the concern of my team must have
found out about my mistake, the off-
camera you have done it knows then
you look now more brought up the subject in
the association of the influencers of such
until well we just achieved what we
wanted which was that people
and why do you get into a debate kid will
talk about something else but not about the
rape to talk about this god has
made a movie in his head but you
said if all this
formed a rig so that people
were focused criticizing it for
other things
what is it I tell you a
diversionary technique but in the
influencer committee I want you to give me a lot of
talk tell me what means of communication committee is
in charge of influencer is wonderful
or is it controlled except
ours
one is the newspapers is the radio
is the news  and speaking with models
with controlled controlled is that you
can right now in this video I
can take on the king's mother as
power
literally it is not the same as on TV
if you do it pot they will sue we can and
millions of people can see it they
understand on Telecinco not the long one on
Telecinco precisely what it's about it's not
Telecinco not even joking or joking we go on
Telecinco or say those things go neither
crazy nor crazy who thinks who thinks
is opportune and in the newspaper either what
this says nobody controls it nobody the
scriptwriter does if you do it as you please
listen moment I think that
honestly you do not know how the
media thing works if you do not have ideas what you
see with the media is that it is an
editor in chief who controls what
the journalists say but they often start
with whatever the hell they want
and then if you want or if the government
wants to take and denounce something example
not long ago the police were believed
against I do not remember which media also
for saying things about the police and they
do it independently or rather I do not know
what you are talking about the media
controlling the government because  that is not
true in truth it is Valeri it is true and it
is true because in
Pepe's chiringuito we received the audios of
Florentino Pérez for example with Cielo
against someone within the footprint itself
the agents that the chiringuito
is political and someone was arrested in a
financing for political purposes I
believe that on TV and the newspapers and
Radio City that yes yesterday they stopped you
realize that person who on top of that treated him
planted not to control in China now or it is
done you are my reason for not getting bored
at work and I do more thanks another
thing they can't even smoke not listen
sometimes the media can say things without
any type of approval from the government
in the government link that says this if
this is not the editors in chief within
each press medium those who said what is
published and what is not but that is not
something on the part of the government you are very
confused I would say you are not controlled by anyone
because it would be virtually impossible for
the government to say this public China is
already carried out
in China it is done only with in China in
China the government controls what it says what
the youtubers say support
anyone would control it
Rodin's cat has here they have
a rule because I don't think
we are not aware of the power that I want
much less
hello back javiercito I must comment on
something that is burning in my chest something
that lives inside me day to day and I
need to let it go no matter what happens I demand I
need and I ask that they free Pau
no longer round thumbtack
on the chest
if it burns your chest I just went to the
pharmacy now on a motorcycle
he took the motorcycle to
the pharmacy because it burned my chest and
I bought bis with them but we are not
aware of the power we are going to
free Paula yes Pau will get back
when we arrive whatever three thousand
members something like that after
summer we'll see when Paulo returns
when I rest a bit we have dogs
if you will realize in a few years
I think that is chicha you think that
in ten years your son you are no longer going to TV it will
be our radio okay for the
networks in Oviedo look at everything he
listens to leather directly that he has
is very little knowledge of the app
well to illustrate the  the audios did not
come out because they were taken out of
context in a year that was neither here nor there given
that the newspaper could also get a package
so I did not invite you to open a
book and study because it seems to me that you
are a genius and you do not have the slightest idea of ​​the world that surrounds you is that the audios to see the audios the content of the audios of this one that he has said as far as I understand I have not followed the news but they were audios that affected him personally not in the sense that they could harm him or
so then let's see one thing that I will
explain to you as simply as possible
okay if you publish some audios in which
you are not a participant in the
conversation criminal offense okay it would go for
criminal
we are if you publish some audios in which
you are a participant in the conversation
if they are if the content is very banal like
for example you are telling me that
public out of nothing nothing happens and besides
if I if it involves everything come back nothing
now even if I am a participant in the
conversation I publish some audios in
which I was telling you with whom
has slept together and who he sleeps with
stops betting or some intimacy or
the color pays or anything like that
civil
is sued civilly okay then a
program in the first place is not going to
harm its own workers
because surely it will be there is a favor that we are
not going to screw our partner
but on the other hand they also have to be
careful things and you say
things that sound realistic to you but you do not
know exactly how
the system really works you believe that the
government really controls each and every
publication that the press makes and that is not how it
works and many times
political parties of governments believed they were against the
media because of the things they say about them
this is not China but it is clear that the
channels always have
Telecinco that you know and in matters
right or more left wing problem
with the sixth or fourth more but it depends
on the producer I do not know that you have
seen the channels the newspapers and world
the art if they know that each one throws payment
of the influences as they are the
ideals do not classify them because because there are
no political purposes no balls
until everything is classified the influences
know what is going to one thinks what is taken
as a person  real but yeah kid if
you do tito saying that you are pro-life
how are we going to know where you are from it is, I mean there is no
right or left
or the albero of the use of politics do not
get involved in this thing because because they
have separated us from the television but it is that
we are more important than
television right now you understand me only that to
what I put well about Pepe maybe I
wanted to talk to you now that the subject of
mosto agreed you did not ask him to
cut that part, at the end of the
call with me I show how they make the
videos okay because I say it because there were
people who analyzed the videos that I do not
know what thinking that I made
eye contact with mosto but I showed they make the
videos through a call and tells you to
look at the camera whether you are really not
on video that is not how we are
doing it I mean Dallas has made a video
with the engine also works the same you and
I then at the end of the call I
knew that he had said more than one
assembly listen moment the question was
simple and you are singing me your whole life
the question is did you tell him to
cut out one of his eyes and I did not tell him that part
but I  yes I told him he had said stupid things
and that there were things out of place it's that you
have king of nowhere thank you very much
sweetheart
a kiss beautiful you have to warn me about the
rai today when he is in the live of a
hetero title he gave me a hard time
because he says that sometimes match
right and I have passed his ass I don't know why he
had to cut and then he answered me okay I
think I saw everything well I
saw super well because in truth there
was no thanks to gabriel thank you very much he
has a good feeling about the
interview what happens is that he knew that
things had to be cut and suddenly when
I see the published interview but the
controversial part he had not removed it and
had put it as a hook I mean
this that with those is that
in the audios of florentino
they were recorded treacherously therefore if
they make the audio of naím public obviously it
is because his content of criticism is
focused on that and without aim he screwed up and you
know that that could go viral
because of your stupidity well hey bad
luck you won the prize of the fool of
jack kate let's see if  if for example she is she
had published an audio in which
nobody is telling her
who she sleeps with something like that no this
debate is laughable this guy is laughable
this is all a joke I don't take it as such
because it is an outrage good night
ps let's get back paulo using your
little dog smiling face with stars
hands in prayer you are not going to be graced
by the super chaure but look pauline is not
going to see me again I said I said
when we reach when we
reach 3,000 members maybe I will come back
but I don't really feel like it my
channel smells like dog my channel smells like dog
is telling me that a lot is that
you know what happens when a lot
uploaded the video of the line terminals and
I started being like at the bar there
passing the video here to watch it
over because I was going to the street values
or not and just like that passing my finger I
put the key moment in which he said it is he
said
and the truth to
use then if he uses it as a
hook it was the editor
the Hebrew done at the beginning of the video and
then that composed of the video well you
told him no because I didn't remember  of what I had
said I knew I had said
something out of place to remind you of
that
please and another one of them wrong before or not of
course I see it wrong of course again
white before you saw it wrong before when
the controversy the subject of running
inside me I do not see it wrong as long as it is
with consent but I maybe
put it in I said no but because like
this I was making the joke of
fun and I went too far glitters and
very bizarre but I do not then we moved on
to another topic the same thing asked questions and
I did not remember that exactly and
the video never happened to me nothing ever happened to me
so that the government in kiel or you
go too far off on a tangent you are sorry
sales that would modify the story
sorry the question is very simple at
this moment when you said while you
were saying you thought that was
normal that it was okay to say that
if I am honest not that it was normal
but since I did not see the seriousness at
that moment like I acted funny
and because I knew that we were not in
transmission and live and then I
forgot about that subject and then I knew that there
was something that had  that to erase no I'm not
going to talk because the notebook more I
prefer that you ask me questions a
question punishes me contributes well he is a
child let's see this kid is a child he sees it
in fame very big very fast very
soon okay I don't believe that sincerely
that what he said in the video he does it I
think he said how am I going to cut this
nonsense and that thanks no and no to think
about what he said I think that
sincerely a very big mistake not to
justify it but I think that he doesn't
do it in the first place because this kid
has a partner and I always have
n't followed him much but when the
wise man of him and when I saw who he was,
besides, he has always had a
long-term partner, he understands me
the moon does not have to justify the
other let's see I sincerely by the way
of saying it I think that he does not do it
really I think he said like
look how bizarre today look what a
beast the winners
ha ha what
is that before I didn't listen to you
clinically that
Pau is not going to come back because I'm not
going to give it back to you it's funny that he
liked dogs so much now stop hey it's
mine 3 for you and for whoever
wants  the kid is don comedy guys
I'll hire him xd
what can I tell you in gel this is an
abbreviation of something without
IQ and well I have done a test that
came out out of curiosity I don't remember
where you can do a CV test on the
internet or is there a place like the
driving school test there is that already as for the
medical report where you can do
something I from here live that I
surely did it when I was little because it
asks curiosity
very distracted in a moment 22
[Music] he
called me stupid without wanting to call me stupid you
have done it one like that it is something that I have
done several times and when they are
usually at 325 135 be a
day in front now tell me your result for
speed to the urgell the luxury on this
subject after you saying this
nonsense that are the t that appears at that
moment you did not see it bad the boat you realized
how bad it was you did not
realize did not see that when I saw it uploaded yes
yes I realized that it was a mistake and
some girl with whom you did this
later wrote to you and said hey this what
happened if that were like that I would already be
behind bars there is no
reason for the audios of Feliciano hahaha he simply admits to placing sympathetic journalists and then called Toli Liza to some players or Lily no but to place him if it could be one I escaped from this terror Pau returns plus salsa x of in plus
alza I think that Pau is there yet I don't
know I have to check this channel it is that
as alpha thank you very much it is that in
that channel I do not get involved I try not to stain
myself it is not worth it but I think that the alzas and there
is Paula and girls who maybe they do not care
more than Raydel one thank you very much
Luna can see the photo has
Luna Luna cool
Luna a big kiss directly passes to
report because she does not want to get into
that stuff she has not normally been my
girlfriend and it is because she puts the
pills and such what she feels there I
did it if not I would have many children I am
no longer a couple she realizes to
Karime de Agüita of couple it was because of
this move this one is a little distant I
did what I did as if I were talking to a
friend and I was making jokes
blackboards well like that and then well
and that  that you said nothing is real
that I [ __ ] inside women and it
is real on some occasions with their
consent and I think what I say is
real
she would be in jail because more than
one woman has reported wiretaps las
vegas' fix minutes friends arguments
as to why there is no argument tara because
I also come here it is already
thank you very much a hug nar me and
thank you very much also to recognize the mistake that
I had but also to say one thing I do
n't know for Julia a very strong hug
welcome without any rapist for you
otherwise I am in jail is an
adult and if it is not proven that I am a
rapist and if not they blame me and with everything
that has happened not a single girl can come
because she is the minister of equality it
was equal dispersion it gives me the
minister of equality in theory I filed
a complaint with the prosecutor's office I don't know what you know what it is
worth it is an ass why because there is
no girl who has verified what has
happened there you are right the
minister should in fact it is
that I do not remember what
twitter put and in the montero really
good after the nonsense that he said
but if  does not return I subscribe
broken heart in time I already refuse you deny me from
Paula come back here and blow up the channel to
dogs again that no that no that no that
we are here watching a debate leave me
from Paul then one thing is that I am
stupid on the network is that I am irresponsible
and another thing is that I am a god that is
the only thing that I want to see with the law
in Spain in the same this would not be being
a rapist it would be abuse
in the case that I did it that I already
tell you that I do not believe that he would do it I think I
say it as a nonsense but according to the
law now if the law were approved
if they are the feet and if it would be classified as
sexual assault everything is worth as rape
everything that has been heard many times do
not worry what I would understand is
then what you said there is a complete
lie there is no truth in that I have
said what there are various said what is
true if you repeat to me exactly
what is a lie yes yes
such but wanting is a lie you
cannot repeat the phrase to me because it is that I do
not really remember exactly
word for word what  I said do you
remember
it's simply if the things you said
at that time in the interview were
lies or were they true that now saying
that he is a minor well there is one well there are
things that were true okay it is not
the complete removal that you said is a
lie and you do not finish and then you say that
you are sterile and you wanted lava sector is
the best one day to my girlfriend yes to
make the joke at the best time to be
lying if now I tell you that I am
telling you the truth I understand myself or I mean I
can't make an adss joke to my girlfriend
today the minister said that she would inform
the prosecutor's office because
abuse of course he is the one who said it
in a video that what are you going to tell
ministers but we are going to administer a
ridiculous one and that he only gets involved when it
is things from men to women
javi I am running out of bits and I do not
have a penny to buy more haha
anyway a pleasure to see your live shows please
for IU
well do not give more little one it is not necessary
even if I am here keeping you company you
appreciate it is the same
today this is the box and that I already know that no
but  you can't do it, damn it, let me
explain what you said, it was a
very specific situation, very specific, you said that
you ended up inside, what do I want?
Ask if the confidential one takes out the
audios of Flor in the chiringuito, he
can't talk about these or put them since they were
already made public, about
Paula, let's see, I'm telling you, I'm not a lawyer or a
tourist. I think that once something
becomes public
and demands are made, you always know
that something could fall on you for giving it more
publicity, it depends on the publicity that it
already had previously, for example,
imagine that someone makes public
[Music]
in which each case is very different but
in general, if they have already been made
public there shouldn't be any kind
of problem,
you know, I'm telling you, it depends,
imagine that they publish a sex video
of someone, okay, it's a sex video,
okay, it's not the same seriousness, it's very
serious, then of course, since
someone has published it, well now, like me on
my channel with half a million followers
and it's public, not
the dissemination, to that later I said, don't
worry, nothing happens, and I described it
as seen, you have done it several times with
several people, I didn't say never, don't
worry, I said trans  when Menezes told me
the same thing don't worry, I'm
calm down it's the same there's a
difference no because you said as
if you said 'no and really we
ask myself everything but what do you do
when such and I say and calm down that I'm in
stage you know and Vigo you
told him as if I was saying it a lot the whole time
María Rosa thank you very much
putting a lot of effort into it he's nervous it
takes him a long time he said everything as if it were
a monologue as if I were
saying that he doesn't care about the cities
that you described a very
concrete and very specific action and then you
just pick it up and say that's a joke what a
joke from the outside how would you see it
from the outside it's a joke and my friends
know it and a normal person in other
friends, from what I've seen there's
everything a lot of people say the people who
have seen me at least once know who's
joking and the people who haven't, well, I don't know what
the hell they're doing, they don't
know me anymore your girlfriend is fighting mate and he
's left what I said well in the end that's what
people are going to see it's not this
guy he's sick this guy is crazy
this guy needs to be taken to the hospital
from outside I tell you that it doesn't look like
a base like an act that
coco thank you very much welcome king
of you write with all naturalness
equally there are still 500 left for
Paulo to return where is the joke the
black humor for and a half
then yes but very bad on the part of
motos to a justification we decided to be
me as if I were a comedian if for
someone who tries to make someone laugh I
had achieved so well also
as if I were a clown of the ideal well
I am a clown who has to eat many
people
here for example if the little spoon
terrifies me the world in which
our children grow up well Maria luckily or
unfortunately there is everything in this life
not everyone
for once in your life
Carmen if there are still 500 left
we just looked at it in fact considered dry but after that I said this man is bad because it seems that is being evil we are in the chiringuito he can't say anything to one 'the confidential' in the meeting with Florentino should have taken it out at the
time 2 in legal terms
Florentino has already denounced it and justice
has ruled in his favor and 3rd floor  per hour of
context and therefore right now the
only thing they seek is to destabilize
the alerts are removed very quickly from the
screen messages so long that they are
cut off entirely
Florentine that justice has already given it the
reason but already given time to finish the
process how does that do that ACS is
evil well the one that what you wrote
with the 'no list like all that is being
very cruel being a scoundrel
indeed it is normal that people
see you that you did not opt ​​for that when
people tell me or I remove I bow my
head and say look I have
gotten into many controversies and you know
abortion issues lethal issue I don't know what
but this time it was not something that I wanted to
defend or wanted you understand it was
once to laracha to enjoy before
continuing because although a few
more questions than that hanger to
apologize from now on yes I'm sorry
thank you take advantage and get on your knees
that would be better apologize
and it is true regret
kneel and ask for forgiveness that's how
men do it no that's not how
men do it my word is enough to say
sorry and much that I  I have thought about it I'm not
going to kneel down don't act on your
knees I don't think so because I feel that it's
more for more humiliation or how to make you
fail or do you want me to continue acting like a
clown instead of asking that he is a
clown that less laughter why didn't I
want to forget truth
now shorter he has accepted for processing
for being stolen audios in a
relaxed conversation just to do
harm accepted for processing
but for the criminal what do you want me to ask for
forgiveness another thank you but both no no
because we messed up because I will repeat sorry
however you want better stand up if you want anything I'm sorry no no
only after I apologize to the
people I love and to the people who
really get a description
because the other people let out
a lot what do you mean by that they
let out this one doesn't win he said it's because they don't
make people like you he says a
video for what well that I
see it more as work but people of the
messages especially of shitty actor
I hope you die like he sees your brother or
your mother I will leave what you do with it
also you  goes through a lot of
things so I'm not going to
ask for forgiveness from those people to my fan for
supporting me and people mess with them and they
have no reason to
defend me as you have said,
I ask for forgiveness from those people and well to the
people who have suffered some type of abuse
or something because it is not a subject to
laugh at as for what I
think okay I'm not saying that it is what you
have in mind so see what I
think is that simply you are
used to a type of relationships with
him
before because after all you yourself have just
left your adolescence right now
and that the relationships that are on the
rise well you had hard ones without any
kind of head, any kind of anything what you
said honestly believe that it is the
reality because it does not sound like a joke to me at
all you say it is a joke and I do not know what do
not answer with desire for me to answer
do not worry you already told me before, it does
not sound like a joke to me at all and I
think that what exists is basically what you
did and if some girl does not come out it is
because basically it is not what
embarrassing the big you  I'm going to say what
I fail at and what I fail at is
my self-control and my drive but I
never stop running which I do things with
malice does not have a relationship like
you of course it would be there would be a
pain in which he intentionally deceives her
I don't I don't believe I believe I
can be wrong you know who is not going to be
able to prove anything but I don't I
believe that I don't I believe that like a
brat's boast
or the same as anyone since you are a
teenager when you have your first
relationship when you think you feel it is
idealized love and as it is intensity that
in the end makes you make mistakes and
people who are impulsive or people who are
snatched well in the end they are not
ready to have a relationship and I have
realized that to this illusion
blog thank you very much welcome you
little know when I met a very
calm girl and when I argued with her
she
Ana Julia a hug nar hears me but puts
some message or when you put her hanger
hunger take advantage and talk she grabbed me and
left and that for me was like a matter
of good because we give our it's
easy then  we are super good and I
fail at that in being loud as such
but in very heated moments but I do
not have malice towards the association that is why it is
seen that they have always loved me and it is
seen that it has always been the
beautiful relationship, I am not an [ __ ] nor do I think about
adding for them that I [ __ ] between
an aunt and a half that if you idea of
getting pregnant with oil and transmitting any
disease to them is being a son of a [ __ ] and they have
never reported it or for that in
him I have never done that is nor is anyone who
knows me going to tell you or affirm that if
that is nonsense that I said that
they already have them see that they
evolved through rape
it seems that you and I are the only ones who do
not want him to come to hey I do not
like at all what they do to you with the dogs you have
done very well thanks for the
support there is nothing serious or anything out of this
world because if not I would already have serious
problems I am already going through it while I am
sure that look I do not want to talk about the
subject much because I really can't
is already the officiant lazio of this subject
I have totally prohibited it now you should
gomes do not talk about the subject anymore if you can't
help us should ask questions
about that just as you also shouldn't include the
details that you gave me at the time that
one day it will be something accused of rape and
people will be able to say it, they will be able to, maybe he
was reported
for rape,
misunderstood for
gender violence,
the chiringuito took out the old audios
of rosell talking about the organ that they
gave to abidal as if it were from the
black market but floren is silent,
the gel has been football or a hundred
thank you thank you
[Music] he
's asking me for
jazz
what midnight
nadia ricci and her ex angel to marble a
story marked by an alleged
complaint for abuse and rape
aitana look
aitana
was reported for rape
this reliable medium
angels paul amador thank you very much
but people don't make their own
assumptions know that I screwed up I'm sorry
but I couldn't get it this one keeps in
touch with the girls you've
had relationships with my adult relationship I
mean the first two no because they
were too intense well and the
last two if he talks about throwing 14
girls he was with four girls as a
girlfriend he lost as a girlfriend I mean the ones he's
been in bed with in bed there have
been more girls
there are people who  They call that girl
but it's still a very crisis, a very crisis,
better vital but he had to be already
old and is dedicated to me
three years ago and the children that I opened
three years ago were called lines and they say
connect like me so it is
understood that we have different
vocabulary you are more old you
say more a woman knows but I
'm not used to me it's the girls and
the boys then they take advantage of these have
been the guards of the number more or less not even
above I don't know you don't get the
number how many do you keep in touch with
one
is that now the only one who I like to
talk to every day I of not even having
remained good as friends and once
a year say eh more no well with all with
the majority like with what percentage like being
able to see them and such with 80 80
that's quite a lot of those accounts they
wrote to you to tell you something of support
quite a lot because especially when
people saw that it was going too far it was like I
know that you haven't done this
so it's late calm down I haven't
even dared to talk to
any girl with whom you have kept in
touch for also how  I'll explain,
girls, I don't have feelings for
her, I mean, I met them, maybe I don't
get along with them, but I don't have any
affinity either, whether in bed, there have been
feelings, yes, but there have also been
one-night stands, you know what I'm telling you,
and it's no problem, it's that
approximately 80 percent wrote to
tell you that it's not like that
[Applause]
or those where there has been some feeling,
something about whether she sees Dallas as a grandmother,
how will she see me in this place
as the answer,
those are all the two and stupid but no,
corporal, like you said you had
said something really ugly, it seems like I [ __ ] myself when I
talk now, also intellectually deficient, I
think you're asking me about that, whatever it
costs, let's be honest,
people think I'm stupid, but then they take you for
evil and you admit that you're not very smart, are you
capable of recognizing it? I don't
know, distorted, ready, I'm quite
dumb. If he's well, I would be cooling off at the
artist's concerts, if they do it
well, I know that mentally I train every
day to sit as smart
as possible, and okay, who believes that the most
important thing in this world, and who's
ready, you just have to ask me.  I felt
about life I think it depends on each
person each one has their goals not to
breathe
[Laughs]
and
come with me but I swore well we don't
count at this moment for anything I mean
but but
why ca
n't I find flaws in your logic who
has the balls to refute that come on, let me know
who's smart come on who's
smart
come on who has things and who has the
balls to refute that
come on someone argued the opposite I
read you
but
the clowns no matter
where you are it doesn't matter to breathe the
important thing there is nothing better than you
go to it and that my dog ​​​​that was
lying down what do you say about the people who
are connected to a machine and they breathe
for them well the heart no no well those
people don't get much further away than
us because you are the nail of something
you have your dependency or are we equal
man if you are as ant as all of
this I as much as you think you are
canary there are people much better
than me in IQ that
well was very low man I'm going to end up in it
today just like you know you're not going to have
a much longer life I don't know how to
explain it to you better than me bragging
intelligence is something that is ugly no
intelligence is not fine at all it
is ugly to boast about anything in reality it is
physical but man I value more a
person who can boast about his
intelligence well than the physique also
if he has a physique that really lays
your work what happens this debate is the
best that Dallas has done in all its
history on the internet ha ha ha ha ha it
is very good it is
very good it is very good
but it has nothing to do with marvel bragging about
the middle
because it will have something bad that leaves
clients like wheat who have money
who really have money puts on or plays the
fool because without anything but those who
really have do not need to boast
let's see that and truly intelligent people do
not need the real thing as you
know from experience how many rich people
you know I think more than you surprise
who you know rich
the fool the intelligent for no rich
the smart or the fake or the fool will
tell you I do not know this I know this
believe why did
this guy make such a fool of himself in this debate I mean I do not
understand why he is doing this
dude answer seriously to what you are
doing a little for that then but
no  You tell me because if you know and
prove that there wasn't if you know them
why don't you tell me here then yes they
know millionaire and I know people
who have money well I won't give you names
and that's simply but out of respect for
them she and they don't show what they have that's
where you see the range
people who have little and need to
pretend they have more so their
work goes well for example on a small
scale Andorran youtuber who needs to
have a fantastic car so that in the
end well more have more visits and have
more such that in the end it is understood when
someone does that
when someone has to give of 'the for that but the owner of facebook well goes in a shirt you know it's not necessary that I know him enough that you see a Mayweather not today with jewelry and I didn't sell Alhama to wear that jewelry it would be in underwear in Santa listen to me
the house of Gates specify any saying
that I believe the most in the world of
course you invite times more but like in
the 120 125
like when I have done my homework when
someone tells you the class
was terrible that is not the point
I've only told you why and it gave me
everything referring to the fact that people think he
's stupid that you're evil first
of all and second it's better to be able to
say it specifically so that if at some
point it costs you something Díaz it's because I
lack the ability to understand it
well according to you I lack the ability for that
I respect that you see me as
someone more stupid no I'm not saying that
a person who gives you less has the ability
for me I do
n't know what you think but I think it
's real it
was Paula number one in
twitter trend free Paulo don't be and see they
burn with the false capture but this one I
think is very real I do
n't know if you realize what it does is
true that there is no focus the
great Goyo could be Messi knows if he has the
ability to score goals if you see it that we
are talking specifically we are
talking about something very important to be
able to not know if you are
smart or stupid because it depends so that if there is
a lot of intelligence it's true there is
a lot to do with the issue of your
ability to say certain things that
I'm not talking about things that we are not going to the
issue of abortion that seems super
strong to me I think the most relevant  what do you
think when you said in a tick tock you
started saying that if you haven't gone through
something as strong as rape
I declared that the creature
inside you is to blame and I pointed at you above
soft and pregnant that's what you still think
but although yes because what I say what
I said from the game thank you very much
well it wasn't real what I think about
a person's life is real and that
for me it will always be like that like let's
see there are people who think like that
even I think like that there are people who think
even if it's rape we
have to go ahead with the pregnancy
because it's a life that they are against
abortion
ok but I respect it since I said
yes thanks must and my [ __ ] you know it was
from the two I heard them ask me what the
courts are if it has something
rational for you to be telling an
audience of super young girls that out of
100 million that if they are good think about
the creature inside you
how it could destroy them or your life I did
n't say that I said that if you cut
from the video take what interests you yes
but I said check
what has been done  paulo to deserve that he
told you that he's sterile and don't
worry
paula isn't going to come back just dog
every time you look at the emails that I
sent you yesterday an email he
looked at it he glanced at it from time to
time but I have so many but image
and deleting deleting so without first he
saw a girl really the fruit is
wise I don't think it's something bad what I know is not
something bad the fruit of the baby if that baby
were born has why week the person is
the answer no no no
actually yes psychopathy can be
hereditary that's right okay but you said
may he didn't say the word may they can't
sweep well then the word
may doesn't mean that that person is
going to turn out like that you know it's not
really his fault even though he doesn't know so every time
that woman sees her child what do you think she's
going to think
and the creature appeared when she wasn't
even wanting it or you're prepared for
something I'm going to have it in favor of abortion and I
say this because it's something that is going to be done
anyway it's like no matter how much
I say no matter how much well
in the end if the safest way
for a woman to have an abortion is by
doing it legally and then I
I am in favor of having an abortion before
her life is in danger and there my daughter
one day without me knowing could have an
abortion and die for trying not to
know, I mean in the end I am in favor of it
being safe, I am not in favor of the
unconsciousness that is given to that life, I
mean calm down you are going off on a tangent the
question is what do you think the
woman will think that it has been good that you tell her
you in the child in the child because it is not her
fault sent no no I am not telling her that it is that
the header Mexican extreme I did
a fact that I said okay you are the
most extreme case of an aberration I know that it
is hard I know that ethically like everything we
are going to say that is not or how is
someone violates I do not know that it is not possible but
really if you go to the baby what is
inside kill the viola
imagine that he saw the plans are the
woman and the baby you really believe that the
baby there does not have wings answer the
coolest question to make it clear that I would
not try to convince anyone what that is
not the question listen the question is
what do you believe  that thinking about that woman every
time she looks at her son, I don't know, it depends
on each one of those who will think, it's
not the same as anyone else's and your guess
is, do you know anyone who
can say it with such certainty?
Luckily, my mother doesn't know how a
baby cries and now she sees my face and after
15 years if I were because she was
raped, well, blessed rape, brother,
why did my life come out? It kills, it kills, it
even speaks and out baby. I say,
look, okay mom, okay, why this wasn't
desired, you seem
eye, and she said better
or me
one by one, let's
see, on the part, I have thought when it
is when they are putting these arguments on the table
of having a child
even if you have been raped, okay, I was
thinking, of course, imagine the mother with how much she
loves a child,
that mother, of course, is grateful to
life for having given you that child, but it is strange
that look where the child comes from, me
turning my head around, the
possibility that it was had, not that
really a mother would not address that
situation, damn Perez, he has
totally gone, it's that this clip takes it
Irene Montero tomorrow and again
the days are not well but I am
not guilty of anything but I put myself
in an extreme case I will never try to
convince the yeti uncle my girlfriend Sam takes
the pill I am not against
abortion I repeat this we are already
talking about abortion what is incense
but closed na is going to have a nice click and be
able to say such but no I do not
want you to understand the point well and
I want it to be understood that I will never
try to convince anyone of that you know
and sales at the moment me that look at me
right now
the question I ask you is to say the
fact thinking that this boy is half
normal we admit that he fails for his
age I
just said he is not very smart
but federer but not the fact that the
woman is going to have they are not children of a
rapist but of having it at a
time in her life in which she is not
prepared because she has not wanted to have a
child how do you think a child affects the
life of a person with the
responsibility that is how can you say
that advice of everything the same because ico is
not to blame for  nothing how do you think that
woman's life is going to be after that she
has to be a single mother of an
unwanted child question ask the
family in Africa [ __ ] man I have
never been a father neither have I between 60 and
90 just like heat for a moment
put yourself in the situation okay put yourself in their
situation and you are a woman who is also a
guy and then you are a single mother of a
baby that is unwanted I mean it is the
responsibility that a baby only you
know at least no of course I know you
know that people do not sleep when they
have the child but because I am in
favor of that person having an abortion but be
aware that they are seeing a
life but it's noria but what you're
saying is feel bad because that's what
you do I do
n't believe he said that how disgusting it
feels bad it's think about it carefully it's not
bad it's value life blood does not
want to think because there are more times than
in abortion and babies are not even taken
into account as for something is abortion
and law or I am not in favor of that it's like
meditate carefully at what point in your life you
were evaluate well  if now really or rather it is
or rather you if you were to
kill someone who would really think about it
if you were to shoot the law
but since it is frowned upon then it does not
cross your mind but having an abortion as it is
something that is super good that there
are many causes almost a thousand
heartbeats please congratulate dallas for
this video because my mother
of Africa's family Eliana
thank you very much since the answers that
this guy gives you or rather the answer has
been to well if it seems wrong to you
ask a family from Africa [ __ ] it the
same as much I am taken from
communist China not as an excuse for I don't
know what that now it costs you for the
family seen that society has accepted it and
people have no conscience when it comes to
doing it they don't give a damn many times there are
many who do not want much like that and that is what
hurts me only you are talking
about Humberto's son but I spoke about
many more things about the triton but you are going
to the easiest way to be able to debate
this that exposes abortion in the case of
viola and of course that it is my daughter the
viola I am going to want the  abortion is
legal but what I'm going to have a
burden of life conscience, something that
many women and many men don't
have either. Now I understand the point, the
worst thing is that I'm super attentive because I
understand their pro-life thinking, the
pro-life people who are against
abortion, well, it's one, each of us think in
a certain way, okay,
to others, but what happens cannot be
explained like a [ __ ] ass. I think
that's the problem. I think that I really do
n't like it or in front of people but no,
no, it's not very high that I don't join in. It's very
high for the will to live exactly it
would be, of course, that it is a life, okay, it
's a discussion about it, but
explain to me, gamer skin, thank you very much.
At the level of life, it is a life that
obviously nothing else happens, that
horrible act, what kind of life,
the same question would apply to an
illness, perhaps there would be more traumas,
your black points, what would it be if
the child has the illness, no if he comes
with an illness, man, I, yes, it is a very bad
illness, something very serious
that is going to make difficult not only his
life but the life of the entire family
and he will not have a good life,
you understand, it depends, depends there is
people who still find
out and don't have an abortion, moving
forward,
each case is a very delicate subject,
each case is a world where everyone thinks
differently, and I also tell you
that it's very easy to give an opinion from the outside and in
the internet debate, and you have to see yourself
in the situation, that's also what I tell you, but
generally it depends, you
say if you have an illness, well
listen to me, almost all people
have something, I have
Crohn's disease, I have
myopia, astigmatism.
[Music] I have
more things to tell, it's because
abortion would basically be the
abortion pill, there are people who have many
things,
the examples of illnesses to give, but there
are many people who have many things,
in case of contracting an illness,
you mean in sexual relations, I do
n't know if that affects the fetus, I mean,
in the case that the boy
contracts the illness, he passed the
illness on to the girl he
sleeps with and the girl gets pregnant, I don't know
if that affects the fetus, I don't know, does a
doctor out there say it
publicly, what does it do for three years with
the same children who are then happy and  they will
be cheaper without parents, just
look at what I've told you the
important thing is to breathe and I've told you that the
most important thing is that you the conditions
that you can't eat how are here in
Spain there are very few people who die
of hunger for me to listen to me what I
just said is worth it to you because you're
telling me many things and they have nothing to
do with what I just said well
you know that if that happened the only thing it
would be I'm not an abortion from a
surgical operation it has to simply be
an abortion pill that the only thing it
does is make you bleed for
longer and that's all despite the fact that if it
is a life it is not a human life that you
say is that it has feelings is that you
think it would not be a baby the baby
when it is born you know that it doesn't have
feelings either the morning after pill is not used
with more girls the ones I've
been with no because I've never [ __ ]
inside and the girl didn't take the
contraceptive pills and yes it
is an abortion I consider that there is life
at the moment that you already know that you are
pregnant, that is to say you are already aware that it is
the moment that the sperm
enters  in the egg she and life it's not that there are
two versions there are those who tell you that it is
from the moment the fetus is formed and there are
other people who are doctors who
say that it is the step of the abortion issue
uncle perfectly that one that can happen
and it is possible but for the moment well it is going
well or at least you also know it we know it
very well let's imagine for a
moment that what he says is real at the
time that there has never been any
bad victim and that what you said was a joke and
blah blah don't you think that equally it could
happen that someone comes out and
anyway if later on I file
a private accusation against me I was afraid that that would
happen that is the truth I was
afraid that suddenly someone
would want to screw me over well some such but in the
end it is what I tell you normally I
had an affinity and sometimes they have been
girls of a day but those girls as I have
never seen them with evil and I don't
think they would do something like that you know you don't
believe it but you know what can happen
perfectly I know that it can happen and it is
possible but for the moment as it is going well or
at least as far as I know it is that well
if it hasn't come out now but it is difficult for it to
come out later
although  that is something that could have
happened
I am going to divide that they are done later no
that yes as I said it never happened
because if not it would already have or not because the
girls on their own power
overwhelming logic or rather clear it could not have
happened because because we would already have where
children
and I do not have the time will say let's see what happens
with that no I have told you that if it is
true but not like I said it yes it
is true that it is better inside but never
without consent there are never in
better places where as it is known if that is why that is
not like that either but I made the
joke as I am plans you have the future
long long term music is what I
adjust now I like music
before I wanted to be a soccer player and when I was
younger I wanted to be a firefighter no well
firefighter you are not but ideas about firefighters
yes you have a moment with a good
way of joking Hebrew go goat I am going to
ask because considering that this
famous
I believe that because of the musical application
and for being one of the first I am not going to
take much credit and constant and it is
true that I have been rising since 2015 and you
say that there are many reflexes they are
different but that it has made me be
here where I am well we are
breathing because  you when you record yourself on your
phone sometimes you don't feel it's
ridiculous don't you think keep telling me
then it's ridiculous no because if I
had done
Xavi you also suffer from
chronic handsomeness and that has no cure
perhaps people like you at school
since the teachers messed with me
and told me not to
make those videos I would have stopped
doing it but if I had stopped
doing them I wouldn't be here now Vélez that it is
always that it is in that question that if
the success it is clear that you have had success
cessions select but then we
see when you do it you don't feel
ridiculous yourself no then when I look
back maybe I do feel that
ridiculousness and I say oh but I think
that happens to everyone but at the moment
that one does not feel ridiculous about what
you do if not you do not upload it
and then I had these videos putting on those
faces of doing
and you do not feel ridiculous and unequal at all
that is left here man I love in
every present that I have made those
videos and now I look at the feet since
2015 what I did but those videos and I
say huacal but look that  however
other people say that they
liked me there you know that like other
people it's in the good times the times that
you have a lot of crisis there are many
people who like love that time like there was a
good kid like maybe so it
's very relative well you're
done if the kid always but your
sister makes those videos no and that
also gives me a lot 15 thousand look for it
early you're going to have a whistle that there was going to
be a little dance there yes that I have
done but playing games in fact if you
look at your profile I have some videos but
when a video game that is about that but
here the point is the dance the dance is not
the problem the problem is those who
give 15 right those that are like
elements appeared 3 that's
why years holland age
you have some very recent ones have a
few touches a day 10
peter that was before now I'm more
with music they will do if I upload three videos
in a month thank you literally the
first one I see dude did this look at
this and that's it but what's wrong with it is a little
dance it's a train such and such I think
you've always had like  that
repudiation but you dance alone in the
showers and those dances
are like when you laugh at things that aren't
funny when you take it you're on your
phone and you do
an actor is an actor
thanks I don't know but look I'm the one who has had the
most results making that type
of video in Spain at least then it
costs a little I am or that I don't go
six from you or I think you are more
boom it's like they see it from further away
you know then it's a moment no I don't know what you
are the truth but they see it from very
far away and really you know that those
videos López day by day every day
everything is clear early in recording a guy
who has been seen have done some
crisis like that you start to see they are a bit
embarrassing or Tarantino I asked more
how is it what he thinks until he laughs of
smiles just hearing them the accusations
from outside that really still a thing
that comes from juices and your channel life that
classify it many people would classify it
a kind of save me or debate or
right to the law you know but it's not a
discovery maps either do not you give them what to
do is  nothing of course and I don't pretend to be
and I don't know what's going to be present
right now of all that you confuse that
with foundation all my videos contribute
skepticism and in all lived I contribute
science even if they are small amounts
with mine too but it's that it doesn't have
any level or you put the level each
one has its level for a family
liked my content and for someone
who follows you here will like yours
but it's not that I can say in avalanches
campaigns with you you are more similar to
pepe's chiringuito also many times
they have debates when you dedicate yourself to bringing
things up from others and that whether you want it or not
is toxic because what people want to
do with mutual affection is true I
am very toxic criticizing you for saying that
you [ __ ] inside girls before I already
had it said by jaguars for many other
people if I have not told you that I have not
complained about it I am afraid that it is with
myself I can already name some things
that I have not liked that you put a
private audio call me but that you
call me stupid where people is that you can and
that will come here
and  ending because you too you
too do things to yourself that are
destructive does it have a good thing that I have
done because you don't know it you
can tell you a good thing that you have
done no because people don't do it the
only thing you know about [ __ ]
having followers well that's not it I
do something good for others I have
done good things for others I
have a hospital forgiven I was there
with a guy I follow a guy that's what I
tell you I am her reason for living I am her
reason for living and I was not a fan when she
met me but I became friends with her as a
result of that as a result of music the guy
follows me a lot of people because of
music he feels supported he feels like he is
lithium and that for me has value that
you have it all word because if I
wanted to get somewhere in your
musical career with this debate I think it
hindered it a little in that you have followed me for
a year and the most vital thing is what you have
seen is something else and I am not saying that I
have a good image and that I am an example
but I am not what everyone says I am
I am a piece of [ __ ] person that is the only thing I
want you to understand and that's it  that's just
making me feel this way do
n't cry they'll do it because you
lack your intention and out of debate
but I don't like that there are bad things
during all this
that you can contribute better things if I have done them what
happens that they do good things
but sometimes it's bad people only
know it's still all 100 it's erased
but I for a long long time is if
not the beloved child that I
wanted to have anyway I have been that child I have
set an example I have behaved very well
but also well it destabilized me I
have my life I will not have
emotional stability now and I am cautious and young and I
mess it up brother and I am consistent with my
mistakes but I am not going to let myself be
treated like a being that has only done harm
because I know that some smile is
brought out and I am absolutely convinced and for me that is
worth it and today she is not
well calm down do not worry calm down
nothing is happening listen to me I am not saying that you have done it it's
called loynaz and what they
are giving you to say is that you can reform
3 the type of things that were not right to
say and do to dominate the best I am not
going to do it  to do
but I've done good things just like you
and
most people don't know the good things you know the bad ones and
that's what you stick with and
unfortunately it is like that but I know that I
do good things brother period and that's it and I'm going
to improve try to learn
what I've done wrong not to repeat it or
try but I don't need
people like you who beat me up who
feed on that constantly even if they
make up that they did but but
for example I didn't do
anything like I felt like I did any
wrong or not and that's what they pull out of your sleeve
and and that's not right either I
could also give you the same advice you have to
also do the same and use your
influence for positive things but
why because I don't know the good things
you do it's only the bad what you've
done the most to me is what you've done to
others and the great policies little more
Antonio thank you very much a hug
if you are the same with me I have done
well people since I was not they are
really I was not followed I admired myself for
days
if I looked at you because you had time for
you everything with a moment for you especially
with that issue that you already know  and
look at me especially a large amount of
video is yours I've seen your thing what I have
n't been there well activating the
bell you know they congratulated plaster and
creator and I don't know consumers
what I said before that I hope he
reforms you if you do better things I
tell you seriously I really hope so because it
's true that I said that you seemed
evil to me you told me that
but on a screen
listen I don't see you so far gone as to
not be able to reform you never that's it that's the
only thing I'm saying think that
also many people who are going to see this
debate whatever it is between the two of you are
still going to seem like an
idiot after this it's preferable to
think that Perez at some point stop
noticing things because he himself
said syndicated you realized that this
was something bad until later see it
no no this no longer adds up it's that
at that moment I said cost nonsense
but I continued with the interview and you
continue with the thread and then the only thing I
had the feeling is that I've already
told you since I had said something
out of place but because I had followed
the thread of the conversation  even the one
I'm going too far with then,
well, not very conscious but they would have
let me see the video like on the
basis of seeing you already, I'm sure that wouldn't have been that he
put the interest
or that that was if you want a guard
and I told him in my video it's very
filthy because mine too he
cut whatever he wanted to cut and
there he came out badly I
think they were
unfortunate comments he just wanted to come across as
the gallant I don't see him doing it with malice
a hug javi I also don't think it would
be bad he just got wet it wouldn't be bad
at all and in the end it also exploded
in his face because in the end he also
came out harmed that you lack it is porn
and there he yes I think he didn't see it
coming in that aspect knowing nothing it didn't suit him at
all but that he is a
filthy he is a filthy it is a fact that it
is also true that well the things that
they said you just have to say it not even
in a joke I know that that everyone
who tells me something I bow my head and
in that sense yes I accept my mistakes in
someone other things he does not have other things I am
not going to do it  to continue because there are things that
are misinterpreted or for example the
pajama issue and other nonsense like that, but
the things that I have done wrong and the
things that I may regret and that
people take a good example, well I say it
was not right, what I would never say, for
example, some people have said that you will be
forever unemployed, that they will
delete everything forever, I mean, I
can complain about your content that
garbage appears whatever but that I think
is another level and I am serious, I
really hope that in a while he comes back to you, he
says, look how well he is doing
now,
I am very sensitive
because it is the last thing you needed 2
because I expected or I do not believe but it is what they
always tell me when they see me like this,
what difficult horoscope he tells me everything with
reason and once with so much water, well if I am
not like that, true, I do not know if these will come out
without a balance, the part that I would like is
true that it is important, it is good that
people see you, I do not know because I believe
that it was important you catch him on the side
of others of victimization and you know
how they spin everything xavi well but the
truth is I do not believe  that it was a
fake cry I've seen quite real
but many fake ones
anyway it seems like it's nothing more than a
hug a hug for everyone because I
really liked it it doesn't give me a
bad feeling it's just reading well
nothing a hug and I hope there are some
now he had some great moments he's had some great
moments this this debate is very good
because he's a child I saw it and the
nonsense and the
time he can't justify it for saying well well he's not a child he can say what he can't say no for saying that but although it is the nonsense and the same [ __ ] this child has said are
children his age who say
much worse things in the street you know
then that it has to be corrected
corrected not beaten because when you see them
beating up in the way cap l to the
minister Monterola she doesn't love I don't know
how much for kids not taking into account well
this is an idiot giving me the
stick she doesn't understand we have to make people understand
why it's wrong and why
the logo is not funny I think no gentlemen
thank you very much for the company I'm
retiring okay tomorrow I hope go you have me you're
going to have me many  Videos on
Tele Sal, it's worth it, they reminded everyone
of some guarantees, we're going to do a special live show for those who have
n't heard,
every Saturday
of the month,
this is how the afternoon is, okay, where I'm going to be
talking to you, listening to your
audios to install and answering whatever you
want, okay,
the top donor is the one with the most bars,
in You Know,
when the last Saturday ends, there's a
drawing for a 64 GB iPhone 12 of any color you
want, okay, on You Now, okay, on You
Know,
Saturday, 7 in the afternoon, send the audio,
talk to me, I'll answer
the top donor of the month, well, among the
three of us, among the
top three, we'll raffle off a 64 GB iPhone 12
if it goes well, we'll do more with Ciriaco, no, yes, I'm not
going to see it for nothing, for nothing, but
rather for nothing, good night and I'll
see you tomorrow,
well
[Music]